update customize stf (#798)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/customize-stf.mdx

docker run --rm --entrypoint cat custom-nitro-node-dev target/machines/latest/module-root.txt
```

> Once you have the WASM module root, you can put it on-chain by calling `setWasmModuleRoot(newWasmModuleRoot)` through the upgradeExecutor contract as the owner, to call this method, you need to set `target` as your rollup contract address, set `targetCallData` start with `0x89384960` (this is the signature of `setWasmModuleRoot(byte32)`), and followed by your wasm module root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the WASM module root, you can put it on-chain by calling `setWasmModuleRoot(newWasmModuleRoot)` through the upgradeExecutor contract as the owner. To call this method, you need to set `target` as your rollup contract address. Ensure that `targetCallData` starts with `0x89384960` (this is the signature of `setWasmModuleRoot(byte32)`), and that it's followed by your WASM module root.
```

> Once you have the WASM module root, you can put it on-chain by calling `setWasmModuleRoot(newWasmModuleRoot)` through the upgradeExecutor contract as the owner. To call this method, you need to set `target` as your rollup contract address. Ensure that `targetCallData` starts with `0x89384960` (this is the signature of `setWasmModuleRoot(byte32)`), and that it's followed by your WASM module root.

Reviewer 2: Not very important, but can you mention that you need to use [executeCall](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/upgrade-executor/blob/main/src/UpgradeExecutor.sol#L73) in the UpgradeExecutor? ( That way the reader can easily understand the parameters you're mentioning )
